So as we have discussed briefly in the section on CT imaging,
radiological images are composed of values on a linear scale.
The values typically represent the measured signal intensity.
These values are stored as discrete values,
and contain the range of roughly 4,000 units for
a CT image or larger than that for an MRI.
When we want to represent this values on the computer screen,
we need to map them to a linear scale.
The grayscale is a natural choice,
but we only have 256 distinct values of grayscale on the monitor so we need to
map the high dynamic range of
the measured signal to a screen space range of grayscale values.
This process is usually done by performing
a linear transformation of a section of original image color space,
and this process is also called windowing.
It involves selecting the center of the transformation and the transformation width.
You will most likely see these values in any medical imaging software,
not only for 3D images.